**" ShareClub-Backend"** <br />
"Welcome to ShareClub Backend. This is a Mobile app build in react native."<br />
<br />
**Description** <br />
Introduction In this system, restaurants, books shops, tailor shops and any individual can register themselves as a donor who will donate donations like food, books, clothes or anything they want to the people who needs them. On the other hand, the users who needs donation will also register themselves on this platform and the system will verify them. The people who can recieve donations can view donations in the same city which is added in there profile. They can book the donation ads, once the donation ad is booked it'll not be visible to other users who are searching the donation ad section. There is QR code on the donor side which'll be scan by the reciever when He/She collects the item from donor.

There is a chat feature in the app also, chat is initiated if the donation ad is booked by the user. This chat feature is implemented using firebase. Moreover user can register and sigin using facebook.

Functional Requirements<br /><br /> 1. User can register as donor <br />2. User can register as needy <br />3. Admin can approve registration requests(on web) <br />4. Admin can reject registration requests(on web) <br />5. Admin can block Donor(on web) <br />6. Admin can block Needy (on web) <br />7. Admin can unblock Donor(on web) <br />8. Admin can unblock Needy(on web) <br />9. Admin can add categories of donation (on web) <br />10. Admin can delete categories of donation (on web) <br />11. Admin can update categories of donation (on web) <br />12. Donor can chat with User needy user who booked there donation ad. <br />13. Donor & needy cannot see the identity of each other. <br />14. Donor can add donation ads. <br />15. Needy people can view nearby donation ads based on city. <br />16. Needy person can accept the ad of donation <br />17. Needy person can chat with donor <br />18. Needy person can book donation <br />19. Cancel booking by donor <br />20. Needy person can accept donation <br />21. Needy person can collect donation <br />22. Accepted donation ads cannot be visible to other needy users. <br />23. Rejected donation ads can be visible to needy users.
